He who stings with his tail, will get a beating.
He who nears a good tree, is blanketed by good shade.
Old harp of my mother-in-law, you are no longer fit to play.
White is my name and I sweeten the life of man.
The mariachi Simon is playing his big mandolin.
The bricklayer drank so much that he ended up like a barrel.
The shrimp that slumbers is taken by the tides.
So often does the jug go to the water, that it breaks and wets your slip.
Sir Ferruco in the poplar grove, wanted to toss away his cane.
The attention I pay you is little. (A pun: caso "attention" and cazo "saucepan" are homophones in Mexican Spanish)
Do not miss me, my heart, I'll be back by bus.
Parrot, land here and chat with me.
Behave yourself buddy, or the little red one will take you away.
First you throw away the outside, then you cook the inside, then you eat the outside and throw away the inside.
The one that sang for St. Peter will never sing for him again.
Put the bonnet on the baby, lest he catch a cold.
Everybody knows how to open it, nobody knows how to close it.
Give it to me or take it from me.
This world is a ball, and we a great mob. (A pun: bola can mean both "ball, sphere" and "crowd, mob")
The musician has oiled his horn; now he doesn't want to play for me.
People go to see the prickly pear cactus, only when it bears fruit.
You have me hopping here and there, like a bird on a branch.
For the sun and the rain.
The one who dies by its mouth, even if he were mute. (In reference to a fish being hooked by its mouth, even though it doesn't utter a sound.)
Fresh and fragrant, beautiful in any season.
Next to the rockrose and the thyme on the mountain I kneel.
The blanket of the poor.
One, two and three, the soldier heads to the fort.
Don't you wrinkle, dear old leather, since I want you for a drum.
It is usually drunk accompanied by salt and lemon.
Why do you run, coward? Having such a good blade too.
Jumping it goes searching, but it doesn't see anything. (A pun: venado "deer" sounds like ve nada "see nothing")
Growing it reached the heavens, and since it wasn't a violin, it had to be a cello.
Beat it silly with a stick, do not let it near me.
Green, white and red, the flag of the soldier.
A boot the same as the other.
As I passed by the cemetery, I found myself a skull.
You with the bell and I with your sister.
She rows and rows, sitting in her little boat.
The best compliment for a cup of coffee.
The hat of kings
The lady, taking an elegant walk along the main street.
Ascend me step by step, don't try and skip.
The sailor's guide.
White I am, and as my neighbor says, I am always useful in the kitchen.
The street lamp of lovers.
He who is born to be a flowerpot will never leave the corridor.
The hand of a man.
Palmer, climb the palmtree and bring me a coconut fit for kings.
He who waits despairs. (A pun: espera "to wait" and es pera "to be a pear" are homophones in Mexican Spanish.)
What a jump your sister gave, as she saw the green frog.
Rosita, Rosaura, come, as I want you here now.
The swollen belly that Juan had, was from eating too much watermelon.
The arrows strike where they hit.