The one with the tail that pinches.
The one who comes close to a good tree, good shade shelters him.
My mother-in-law's old harp is no longer good for playing.
White is my name and I sweeten the life of man.
The mariachi Simón is playing his bandolon.
So much he drank the mason that it was like a barrel.
Shrimp that falls asleep is taken by the current.
So much goes the pitcher to the water.
The man in the almeda wanted to throw his cane.
The case that I make you is little.
Don't surprise me, sweetheart, I'm coming back in the truck.
Parrot, give your paw and start talking to me.
Behave well little one if you don't the red one will take you.
On a stick or in a cup?
The one who sang to Saint Peter will never sing to him again.
Put a hat on the baby so he won't catch a cold.
Everybody knows how to open it, nobody knows how to close it.
Give it to me or take it from me.
This world is a ball and we are a ball.
The rubber-horn musician, he doesn't want to touch me anymore.
The one everyone goes to see when he has to eat.
You bring me to pure jumps like a bird on the branch.
For the sun and for the water.
He who dies by the mouth.
Fresh, fragrant and beautiful at all times.
Next to the rockrose and the thyme on the mountain I kneel.
The blanket of the poor.
One, two and three, he who goes to the barracks.
Don't wrinkle old leather, I could use you for a drum.
I am the national drink of Mexico.
Why do you run away from him, coward, when you have such a good dagger?
The deer sees nothing.
Growing up he went to Heaven and since he was not a violin, he had to be cello.
Tie her to sticks, don't let her get to me.
Green, white and red, the soldier's flag.
One boot is the same as the other.
Passing through the graveyard, I found a skull.
The bell and you below.
Row and row, Lupita goes, sitting in her small boat.
The best complement for a cup of coffee.
The hat of kings.
The lady polishing the step, all over the royal street.
Take me up, step by step. Or you want to hit jumps.
The sailor's guide.
White I am, and as my neighbor says, I am always useful in the kitchen.
The lantern of lovers.
The one who is born for the pot does not leave the corridor.
The hand of man.
Go up to the palm and lower me a real coconut.
He who waits, despairs.
Seeing the green frog that jumped hit your sister.
Rosa, Rosita, Rosaura.
Juan's belly was filled with fruit.
The arrows where they hit they give.